this is the United States Drug
Enforcement Agency we are ordering
insolence I plant my name is Barry seal
that's for the damage for your sister
hey little darling and you're back
somebody's really happened you
never saw me
out of your classes Civil Air Patrol
pilot like you shouldn't be flying
busted - welcome to Bakersfield
haven't you ever wanted something more
Barry you should be serving your country
through CIA we need you to deliver stuff
for us oh is it legal if you're doing it
for the good guys Wow
very sealed a goddamn genius you are a
girl on palette berry that's how you
support this family is it gonna be good
for us Oh Michael you trust me Oh we're
standing operation bearing
[Music]
Roscoe does this up in the backyard for
bill blown around everywhere I'll rake
it up in the morning gun good money
laundry y'all know it caddies have more
trunk space than any other car again
each and every one of you to caddy your
troubles so I'm gonna walk out of here
too
I read a damn thing any one of you can
do about it hey wait should have taken a
catch
I was working for the CIA the DEA and
Pablo Escobar miss kinian so skin loose
that's 1,500 kilos are in one go
get it done
[Music]